Basic information for the AR531X Board Support Package

This directory contains the "LBSP" -- Linux Board Support Package --
for Linux on the Atheros AR531X Wireless System-On-a-Chip.  It is intended
primarily as a building block for wireless products.  At this time, the
AR531X Linux BSP is experimental code, and is actively UNDER CONSTRUCTION.

Some components that are supported by this LBSP along with a standard 2.4
Linux MIPS kernel include
  R4Kc CPU
  instruction and data caches
  SDRAM
  flash (Macronix, AMD, STS, etc.)
  16550 serial port
  ethernet MACs
  ethernet PHY or PHY Switch (RealTek, Kendin, Marvell)
  General-Purpose I/O pins
  kernel debugging with kgdb

This LBSP code does NOT include drivers for the wireless components of the
chip/boards!  Drivers for those components may be distributed separately.
In particular, the MADWiFi project under SourceForge supports (not yet!)
wireless functions on the AR531X chipset.  See
   http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/madwifi

Files included in this BSP:
ae531xlnx.c      - Linux-specific portions of the ethernet driver
ae531xmac.c      - OS-independent AR531X ethernet MAC code
ae531xmac.h      - OS-independent AR531X ethernet MAC software definitions
ae531xreg.h      - OS-independent AR531X ethernet MAC hardware definitions
ar531x.h         - OS-independent AR531X system hardware definitions
ar531xlnx.h      - Linux-specific AR531X system definitions and externs
defconfig-ar531x - Default Linux configuration file
intr_recv.S      - Linux interrupt "glue" code
ar531xirq.c      - Linux Interrupt Request management
Makefile         - Linux makefile
mvPhy.c          - OS-independent ethernet PHY code for Marvell Switch
mvPhy.h          - OS-independent ethernet PHY definitions for Marvell Switch
ar531xprom.c     - Linux prom "glue" code
ar531xsetup.c    - Linux startup code
ar531xdbg_io.c   - Support for kgdb-based debugging and for EARLY_PRINTK_HACK
ar531xproc.c     - Pseudo-device driver for /proc/ar531x device
ar531xgpio.c     - Support for General Purpose I/O pins
ar531xwmacsl.c   - Wireless MAC Support Layer

Additional files, distributed with the BSP:
README           - This file
README.BUILD     - Instructions for building a linux kernel from source
README.EXECUTE   - Instructions for testing your linux kernel
README.RAMDISK   - Instructions for building a root ramdisk image

ramdisk.gz       - A binary ramdisk image, suitable for use with AR531X.
DIFFS            - Directory that contains "patch" files (See README.BUILD)


There are several ways to boot a vmlinux image on an AR531X board:
  -You can boot in over ethernet from the vxWorks bootrom, which is preloaded
   on all Atheros boards
  -You can use an ICE (e.g. VisionICE) to load the vmlinux image.  You will
   need appropriate register initialization (e.g. AP30.ini file)
  -You can use the eCos RedBoot bootrom loader.  This is a full-featured
   bootrom which as been ported to AR531x.  It can boot vmlinux over ethernet
   or from flash.  Source code is available from Atheros.

Please send comments, corrections, complaints, criticisms, suggestions,
enhancements, requests, or any other reasonable communications regarding
this effort, to "linux@atheros.com".  Your email will be received by a
couple of engineers, and redirected as appropriate.
